Sc 30752 Create Quantum Chemistry subhub (#683)
PennyLaneAI/qml: quantum-chemistry.rst

.. raw:: html

    <style>
        h1 {
            text-align: center;
            width: auto;
            margin: 40px 0 0 0;
            padding: 0;
        }
        h2 {
            width: 65%;
        }
        .info-card {
            min-width: 260px;
            margin: 0 10px 0 10px;
            border-radius: 10px
        }
        .card-footer {
            background-color: white;
            border: none;
        }
        .card-body {
            padding-top: 10px;
        }
        .video .card {
            max-width: 600px;
            border-radius: 10px
        }
        .video-card-text {
            font-size: 24px;
            margin: 0;
            padding: 15px;
            border: none;
            width: 100%;
        }
        .mt-50 {
            margin-top: 50px;
        }
    </style>

> Quantum Chemistry learning hub
> ==============================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Quantum Chemistry
=================
```

.. meta::

>    :property="og:description": Placeholder until copy is provided

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :property="og:description": Sit back and learn about quantum chemistry. Explore key concepts, download and run demonstrations, and view our selection of curated videos.
```

   :property="og:image": https://pennylane.ai/qml/_static/qml_card.png

.. raw:: html

    <link href="https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/mdbootstrap/4.5.14/css/mdb.min.css" rel="stylesheet">
    <div>
        <p class="lead grey-text text-center mx-auto my-5">

>         Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Nunc vulputate libero et velit interdum, ac aliquet odio mattis. Class aptent taciti sociosqu ad litora torquent per conubia nostra, per inceptos himenaeos. Curabitur tempus urna at turpis condimentum lobortis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Quantum chemistry is an area of research focused on calculating properties of molecules, and the materials built out of them, using quantum mechanics. 
        <br><br>
        Learn why quantum chemistry is one of the leading applications of quantum computing, as well as the fundamental concepts and applications, through our collection of articles, tutorials, and demos.
```

        </p>

        <section class="my-5">
            <div class="row main-cards d-flex justify-content-center">
                <div class="info-card col-lg-3 mb-5">

>                     <a href="whatisqchem.html">

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
                    <a href="what-is-quantum-chemistry.html">
```

                                What is Quantum Chemistry?
                            </h3>
                            <p class="card-text">
                            Find out why quantum chemistry is the leading application for quantum computing.
                            </p>
                        </div>
                        <div class="card-footer">
                            <div class="white-text d-flex justify-content-center"><h5>Read more <i class="fas fa-angle-double-right"></i></h5></div>
                        </div>
                        </div>
                    </a>
                </div>

                <div class="info-card col-lg-3 mb-5">
                    <a href="glossary.html">
                        <div class="card rounded-lg h-100">
                        <div class="card-body text-center">
                            <h3 class="card-title">
                                <img src="_static/key.png" class="img-fluid mb-2" style="max-width: 80px;" alt="key"></img>
                                <br>
                                Key Terms
                            </h3>
                            <p class="card-text">

>                             Lorem Ipsum is simply dummy text of the printing and typesetting industry. Lorem Ipsum has been the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                            Explore different concepts underpinning quantum chemistry and quantum computation.
```

                            </p>
                        </div>
                        <div class="card-footer">
                            <div class="white-text d-flex justify-content-center"><h5>Read more <i class="fas fa-angle-double-right"></i></h5></div>
                        </div>
                        </div>
                    </a>
                </div>
                
                <div class="info-card col-lg-3 mb-5">
                    <a href="demonstrations.html">
                        <div class="card rounded-lg h-100">
                        <div class="card-body text-center">
                            <h3 class="card-title">
                                <img src="_static/flask.png" class="img-fluid mb-2" style="max-width: 53px;" alt="blue flask"></img>
                                <br>
                                Demos
                            </h3>
                            <p class="card-text">

>                             Class aptent taciti sociosqu ad litora torquent per conubia nostra, per inceptos himenaeos. Curabitur tempus urna at turpis condimentum lobortis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                            Take a dive into quantum chemistry and explore the physics, concepts, and applications through code.
```

                            </p>
                        </div>
                        <div class="card-footer">
                            <div class="white-text d-flex justify-content-center"><h5>Read more <i class="fas fa-angle-double-right"></i></h5></div>
                        </div>
                        </div>
                    </a>
                </div> 
            </div>
        </section>

        <hr class="pb-4 text-dark">

        <section>
            <div class="d-flex flex-wrap justify-content-center">

>                 <h2 class="fw-normal text-center mt-1 mb-5 border-0">Curabitur tempus urna at turpis lobortis. Ut commodo efficitur neque.</h2>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                <h2 class="fw-normal text-center mt-1 mb-5 border-0">Sit back and explore quantum chemistry with our curated selection of expert videos.</h2>
```

            </div>
            <div class="video row main-cards d-flex justify-content-center">
                <div class="card h-100">
                    <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ediOdFUr10">
                        <img src="https://mdbcdn.b-cdn.net/img/new/standard/city/044.webp" class="card-img-top" alt="Skyscrapers"/>
                        <div class="video-card-body">
                            <h2 class="video-card-text">
                            Introduction to Quantum Chemistry
                            </h2>
                        </div>
                        <div class="card-footer border-top">
                            <div class="white-text d-flex justify-content-end mr-4"><h5>Watch <i class="fas fa-angle-double-right"></i></h5></div>
                        </div>
                    </a>
                </div>
            </div>
            <a href="videos.html" class="d-flex flex-wrap justify-content-center mt-50"><p class="text-info fw-bold">See all videos</p></a>
        </section>

    </div>

.. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 2
    :hidden:

>     whatisqchem

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    what-is-quantum-chemistry
```

            padding: 0;
        }
        h2 {
            width: 65%;
        }
        .info-card {
            min-width: 260px;
            margin: 0 10px 0 10px;
            border-radius: 10px
        }
        .card-footer {
            background-color: white;
            border: none;
        }
        .card-body {
            padding-top: 10px;
        }
        .video .card {
            max-width: 600px;
            border-radius: 10px
        }
        .video-card-text {
            font-size: 24px;
            margin: 0;
            padding: 15px;
            border: none;
            width: 100%;
        }
        .mt-50 {
            margin-top: 50px;
        }
    </style>

Quantum Chemistry
=================

.. meta::
   :property="og:description": Sit back and learn about quantum chemistry. Explore key concepts, download and run demonstrations, and view our selection of curated videos.
   :property="og:image": https://pennylane.ai/qml/_static/qml_card.png

.. raw:: html

    <link href="https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/mdbootstrap/4.5.14/css/mdb.min.css" rel="stylesheet">
    <div>
        <p class="lead grey-text text-center mx-auto my-5">

>         Quantum chemistry is an area of research focused on calculating properties of molecules, and the materials built out of them, using quantum mechanics. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
        Quantum chemistry is an area of research focused on calculating properties of molecules and the materials built out of them, using quantum mechanics. 
```

        <br><br>

>         Learn why quantum chemistry is one of the leading applications of quantum computing, as well as the fundamental concepts and applications, through our collection of articles, tutorials, and demos.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
        Learn why quantum chemistry is one of the leading applications of quantum computing, and discover its fundamental concepts and applications through our collection of articles, tutorials, and demos.
```
Changing formulation because of repetition (application) and a weird grammar issue.

            </div>
            <div class="video row main-cards d-flex justify-content-center">
                <div class="card h-100">
                    <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ediOdFUr10">
                        <img src="https://mdbcdn.b-cdn.net/img/new/standard/city/044.webp" class="card-img-top" alt="Skyscrapers"/>
                        <div class="video-card-body">
                            <h2 class="video-card-text">
                            Introduction to Quantum Chemistry
                            </h2>
                        </div>
                        <div class="card-footer border-top">
                            <div class="white-text d-flex justify-content-end mr-4"><h5>Watch <i class="fas fa-angle-double-right"></i></h5></div>
                        </div>
                    </a>
                </div>
            </div>
            <a href="videos.html" class="d-flex flex-wrap justify-content-center mt-50"><p class="text-info fw-bold">See all videos</p></a>
        </section>

>         -->

Reviewer 4: Can this be removed, or is it being saved for some reason?
